FIX — LINEUP ARTIST IMAGE INTEGRATION

IMPORTANT: Do NOT rebuild the website and do not redesign unrelated sections. Inspect the existing React/Vite project and modify only the Lineup section and the assets/components required for it.

The goal is to turn the existing Lineup section into a premium, cinematic artist showcase that matches the existing Memoria'26 — The Eclipse of Memories visual identity.

1. USE THE ARTIST IMAGES ALREADY PROVIDED

I have added artist images to:

/public/artists/

First, inspect this folder and identify every image currently inside it.

Do NOT ask me to manually provide the filenames.

Use the images that are actually present in /public/artists/.

Artist naming rule

The filenames contain the first name of each artist.

Use the filename to determine the artist's displayed first name.

For example:

/public/artists/artistname.jpg

should display the artist name:

ARTISTNAME

Normalize the filename appropriately for display:

Remove file extension.
Replace _ or - with spaces if necessary.
Use proper capitalization.
Do not display the filename extension.

If the existing project already contains artist-name data that clearly corresponds to the images, preserve and use that data instead of creating conflicting names.

2. CREATE A DATA-DRIVEN ARTIST LIST

Do not hard-code each artist card independently.

Create a reusable artist data structure/component.

Example conceptual structure:

{
  name: "Artist Name",
  image: "/artists/artistname.jpg"
}

The implementation should make it easy for me to add another artist image later.

If possible, structure the system so adding another image to /public/artists/ requires only a small data update rather than rebuilding the Lineup section.

3. CREATIVE ARTIST SHOWCASE

Do NOT use a boring standard:

[IMAGE]
Artist Name

card grid.

The Lineup should feel like a concert poster / cinematic artist reveal.

Use the existing Memoria visual language:

Deep violet / indigo night
Magenta-violet glow
Antique gold
Blossom pink
Soft cinematic bloom
Atmospheric darkness
Elegant theatrical lighting
Subtle star/dust particles

The artist images should feel like they are part of the stage environment, not simply placed inside cards.

4. ARTIST IMAGE PRESENTATION

Create a visually interesting image treatment.

Recommended approach:

Large portrait frames

Use large portrait-oriented artist images with:

Cinematic cropping.
Rounded or elegant asymmetric framing.
Thin antique-gold borders.
Subtle magenta glow.
Soft shadow.
Atmospheric bloom.
Slight image depth/parallax.
Dark gradient overlay near the bottom.

The artist's face should remain clearly visible.

Do NOT excessively crop the faces.

5. ARTIST NAME

Place the artist name directly into the visual composition.

The name should feel like a concert artist title, not ordinary card text.

Suggested hierarchy:

ARTIST
────────
Artist Name

or a similar elegant treatment.

Use:

Montserrat for artist names.
Antique gold / soft blossom pink accents.
Strong but elegant typography.
Letter spacing where appropriate.

Do NOT use Great Vibes for all artist names.

Reserve the decorative script style for the Memoria branding where it is already used.

6. CREATIVE LAYOUT

Avoid a repetitive equal-size card grid.

Use an editorial/cinematic composition.

For example:

          ARTIST
      ┌─────────────┐
      │             │
      │   PORTRAIT  │
      │             │
      └─────────────┘

  ┌───────────┐          ┌───────────┐
  │  ARTIST   │          │  ARTIST   │
  │  PORTRAIT │          │  PORTRAIT │
  └───────────┘          └───────────┘

However, adapt the exact arrangement dynamically according to the number of artists.

The layout should feel intentionally designed rather than like a generic responsive gallery.

7. ARTIST REVEAL ANIMATION

Add a cinematic entrance animation when the Lineup section enters the viewport.

Each artist should reveal progressively.

Possible sequence:

Artist image fades in from darkness.
Image slightly rises into position.
Subtle glow appears around the frame.
Artist name fades/slides in.
A small gold light sweep passes across the frame.
Ambient particles continue behind the artist.

Keep animations elegant and relatively slow.

Do NOT make it feel like a gaming UI.

Do NOT use excessive bouncing, spinning, or flashy transitions.

8. HOVER INTERACTION

On desktop, add a subtle cinematic hover effect.

When the cursor enters an artist image:

Image slightly zooms.
Image brightness increases subtly.
Magenta/gold glow becomes slightly stronger.
Artist name becomes more prominent.
Optional subtle parallax follows the cursor.

The physical card/frame should NOT dramatically move.

Keep the effect premium and restrained.

On mobile, do not depend on hover.

9. LINEUP SPOTLIGHT INTEGRATION

Preserve the existing Lineup spotlight behavior.

The existing Lineup section has cinematic spotlights.

Do NOT remove them.

Maintain:

Two side spotlights.
Left/right theatrical lighting.
Existing scroll-direction behavior.

The artist images should visually interact with the lighting.

When the spotlight emphasis shifts across the Lineup, the artist portraits should naturally receive the atmospheric lighting.

Do not make the spotlight physically cover the artist's face with an unrealistic bright overlay.

10. PARTICLES

Preserve the existing global particle/dust system.

The Lineup section should have visible atmospheric particles.

Use:

Small dust particles.
Occasional tiny star-like twinkles.
Very subtle blossom particles where appropriate.

The particles must remain behind the artist content.

Do NOT cover faces with excessive particles.

11. BAND — DIVINE PLACEHOLDER

The band images have NOT been uploaded yet.

Create a dedicated Band section/card within the Lineup experience for:

DIVINE

This must be clearly identified as the band.

However:

DO NOT invent or generate a fake DIVINE band photograph.

Create a beautiful placeholder specifically designed for the future band image.

Example concept:

┌──────────────────────────────────────┐
│                                      │
│          BAND IMAGE                  │
│       UPLOAD PLACEHOLDER             │
│                                      │
│              DIVINE                  │
│                                      │
└──────────────────────────────────────┘

But make it visually consistent with the website rather than displaying plain placeholder text.

Use:

Dark violet atmospheric background.
Antique-gold frame.
Subtle magenta glow.
Cinematic empty image area.
Elegant DIVINE typography.
Optional small text such as BAND.
A clear internal placeholder indicating where the future image will be placed.

When I later upload the DIVINE band image, I should be able to replace the placeholder easily without redesigning the component.

12. BAND PLACEHOLDER STRUCTURE

Create the band data separately from individual artists.

Conceptually:

{
  type: "band",
  name: "DIVINE",
  image: null
}

When the image becomes available later:

{
  type: "band",
  name: "DIVINE",
  image: "/artists/divine.jpg"
}

The component should automatically switch from the placeholder to the actual image.

Do not require rewriting the entire Lineup section.

13. OPTIONAL NEW ASSETS

If the current assets are insufficient for the creative treatment, you may create small supporting UI/visual assets such as:

Decorative gold frame.
Subtle ornamental corner elements.
Gold light streak.
Cinematic texture.
Elegant divider.
Glow overlay.

However:

Do NOT replace or modify the existing major event artwork.

Reuse the existing assets and visual language wherever possible.

Do not create unnecessary large image assets when CSS, gradients, SVG, or existing assets can achieve the same result.

14. RESPONSIVE DESIGN

The creative composition must work properly on:

Desktop

Use the full editorial/cinematic composition.

Tablet

Reduce spacing and image sizes while preserving the visual hierarchy.

Mobile

Do NOT simply squeeze the desktop grid.

Create a deliberate mobile composition:

Portraits remain large enough to see the artist.
Names remain readable.
Cards stack naturally.
Animations remain smooth.
No horizontal overflow.
No cropped faces.

The DIVINE placeholder must also remain visually attractive on mobile.

15. ACCESSIBILITY & PERFORMANCE

Use:

Proper image alt text.
Lazy loading where appropriate.
Efficient animations.
GPU-friendly transforms.
No unnecessary continuous JavaScript calculations.

Do not sacrifice performance for decorative effects.

Respect prefers-reduced-motion.

16. IMPORTANT — DO NOT BREAK EXISTING FEATURES

Preserve everything outside this Lineup enhancement:

Cinematic intro.
Hero section.
Existing spotlight system.
Global particles.
Navigation.
About/story sections.
Ticket interface.
Student ticket system.
Outsider ticket system.
Registration number validation.
Admin.
Approver.
Staff check-in.
Existing routes.
Existing API/mock API structure.
Existing authentication/protection.
Responsive behavior.

Only modify what is necessary for the Lineup enhancement.

17. FINAL VISUAL TARGET

The finished Lineup should feel like a premium music-event artist reveal, not an ordinary website gallery.

The visual story should be:

Atmospheric darkness → theatrical light → artist portrait → artist identity

The artist images from /public/artists/ should become the main visual focus of the Lineup.

Each artist should feel like they have been introduced onto the Memoria stage.

The DIVINE band should have a matching premium placeholder waiting for its future image.

The final result should feel:

Cinematic + Musical + Elegant + Mysterious + Premium + Immersive

and must remain consistent with the existing:

Memoria'26 — The Eclipse of Memories

design language.

BEFORE FINISHING
Inspect /public/artists/.
Identify all currently available artist images.
Map every image to an artist name using the filename.
Render all available artists in the Lineup.
Add the DIVINE band placeholder.
Verify desktop/tablet/mobile layouts.
Verify that no existing routes or functionality are broken.
Run the project and visually inspect the Lineup section before considering the task complete.
